h2. Manaca: Flash和Flex项目开发框架及基础代码库。

Manaca是一个轻量级的AS3开源库。

h3. Manaca可以为您的开发带来如下帮助:

* 采用xml配置几乎每个项目都要编写的代码，简单而清晰，节约创建项目的时间;
* 内置的Logging为您调试项目带来方便；
* 内置preloader解决方案，使预加载不再麻烦；
* 内置的Loaderqueue使您再也不用为文件加载顺序和优先级而烦恼;
* 集成 "Robotlegs":https://github.com/robotlegs/robotlegs-framework 和模块功能，确保你的项目在MVC框架下不再混乱，并从此从内存泄露的恶梦中解脱；（当然，如果你不打算用MVC，也可以使用其他的一些功能）
* ITransitionObject为您解决多数mini site中进出场动画控制烦恼；
* 集成 "Yahoo Layout":http://developer.yahoo.com/flash/astra-flash/layout-containers/ 框架使界面布局更简单；
* 集成 "swfaddress":http://www.asual.com/swfaddress/ , "swfobject":http://code.google.com/p/swfobject/ ,  "swfmacmousewheel2":http://blog.pixelbreaker.com/flash/as30-mousewheel-on-mac-os-x 和html template，使项目部署更简单；
* FontManager为字体嵌入提供简单易用的方法；
* ToolTipManager使得处理提示信息更方便；
* XMLNote和 "asSchema":http://code.google.com/p/asschema 结合，使读写xml不再是麻烦。

h3. 如何开始

* 即将添加

h2. 许可(可免费商用)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.